README.md, before:

# Extended Kalman Filter Project

In this project we will utilize a kalman filter to estimate the state of a moving object of interest with noisy lidar and radar measurements.

## Input and Output of the program
**INPUT**: values provided by the simulator to the c++ program

["sensor_measurement"] => the measurement that the simulator observed (either lidar or radar)


**OUTPUT**: values provided by the c++ program to the simulator

["estimate_x"] <= kalman filter estimated position x

["estimate_y"] <= kalman filter estimated position y

["rmse_x"]

["rmse_y"]

["rmse_vx"]

["rmse_vy"]

## Output from the Simulator

---
## Simulator
This project involves the Term 2 Simulator which can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/udacity/self-driving-car-sim/releases).
## Important Dependencies
* [uWebSocketIO](https://github.com/uWebSockets/uWebSockets) for either Linux or Mac systems.
* [Windows 10 Bash on Ubuntu](https://www.howtogeek.com/249966/how-to-install-and-use-the-linux-bash-shell-on-windows-10/) for Windows system.
* cmake >= 3.5
  * All OSes: [click here for installation instructions](https://cmake.org/install/)
* make >= 4.1 (Linux, Mac), 3.81 (Windows)
  * Linux: make is installed by default on most Linux distros
  * Mac: [install Xcode command line tools to get make](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/)
  * Windows: [Click here for installation instructions](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm)
* gcc/g++ >= 5.4
  * Linux: gcc / g++ is installed by default on most Linux distros
  * Mac: same deal as make - [install Xcode command line tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/)
  * Windows: recommend using [MinGW](http://www.mingw.org/)

## Basic Build Instructions

1. Clone this repo.
2. Make a build directory: `mkdir build && cd build`
3. Compile: `cmake .. && make`
   * On windows, you may need to run: `cmake .. -G "Unix Makefiles" && make`
4. Run it: `./ExtendedKF `

Commit message:

final compiled model
final compiled model, fixed readme

README.md, after:

# Extended Kalman Filter Project
---
In this project we will utilize a kalman filter to estimate the state of a moving object of interest with noisy lidar and radar measurements.

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./images/output1.png "Output"
[image2]: ./images/output2.png "Output"

---
### Input and Output of the program
**INPUT**: values provided by the simulator to the c++ program

["sensor_measurement"] => the measurement that the simulator observed (either lidar or radar)


**OUTPUT**: values provided by the c++ program to the simulator

["estimate_x"] <= kalman filter estimated position x

["estimate_y"] <= kalman filter estimated position y

["rmse_x"]

["rmse_y"]

["rmse_vx"]

["rmse_vy"]

### Output from the Simulator
Here are the output of the final model.

![alt text][image1]

![alt text][image2]


---
### Simulator
This project involves the Term 2 Simulator which can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/udacity/self-driving-car-sim/releases).
### Important Dependencies
* [uWebSocketIO](https://github.com/uWebSockets/uWebSockets) for either Linux or Mac systems.
* [Windows 10 Bash on Ubuntu](https://www.howtogeek.com/249966/how-to-install-and-use-the-linux-bash-shell-on-windows-10/) for Windows system.
* cmake >= 3.5
  * All OSes: [click here for installation instructions](https://cmake.org/install/)
* make >= 4.1 (Linux, Mac), 3.81 (Windows)
  * Linux: make is installed by default on most Linux distros
  * Mac: [install Xcode command line tools to get make](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/)
  * Windows: [Click here for installation instructions](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm)
* gcc/g++ >= 5.4
  * Linux: gcc / g++ is installed by default on most Linux distros
  * Mac: same deal as make - [install Xcode command line tools](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/)
  * Windows: recommend using [MinGW](http://www.mingw.org/)

### Basic Build Instructions

1. Clone this repo.
2. Make a build directory: `mkdir build && cd build`
3. Compile: `cmake .. && make`
   * On windows, you may need to run: `cmake .. -G "Unix Makefiles" && make`
4. Run it: `./ExtendedKF `
